fix(docs-infra): remove `routerLink` from `top-bar` (#35951)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-data.md

    <code-example header="src/app/app.module.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" region="cart-route">
    </code-example>

1. Update the "Checkout" button so that it routes to `/cart` url.

>     Open `top-bar.component.html` and add the `routerLink` directive with a value of `/cart`.

Reviewer: Well...it doesn't exactly have a value of `/cart` (but we could change that) :grin:

Author: As you can guess I struggled to find the right word :D

    <code-example header="src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html" region="cart-route">
    </code-example>

> 

Reviewer: This image should not be removed.

    <code-example header="src/app/app.module.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" region="cart-route">
    </code-example>

> 

Reviewer: This should not be removed.

Author: It's there: https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/35951/commits/1adc3a6582a193e2d8defada2bd0f702ec3967a1#diff-a0473f62fb0aa9289968df2f4d4403b5R154

Reviewer: I don't see it 😕

Author: Are we talking about the paragraph 'To see the new cart component...' or the div `<div class="alert is-helpful">`?

Reviewer: The `<div class="alert is-helpful">`. That is what I commented on originally.

Author: Hm. Where would we add this? The content for that div is not needed anymore, because it doesn't apply. Below is the original markup:

```
1. To see the new cart component, click the "Checkout" button. You can see the "cart works!" default text, and the URL has the pattern `https://getting-started.stackblitz.io/cart`,  where `getting-started.stackblitz.io` may be different for your StackBlitz project.

    <div class="alert is-helpful">

    The starter code for the "Checkout" button already includes a `routerLink` for `/cart` the top-bar component.

    </div>

    <div class="lightbox">
      <img src='generated/images/guide/start/cart-works.png' alt="Display cart page before customizing">
    </div>
```

Reviewer: Ooops, my bad 😇
The diff tricked me. All is well, then 🚶

1. Update the "Checkout" button so that it routes to `/cart` url.

>     Open `top-bar.component.html` and add `routerLink` with a value to `/cart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Open `top-bar.component.html` and add a `routerLink` directive with a value of `/cart`.
```

or

```suggestion
    Open `top-bar.component.html` and add a `routerLink` directive pointing to `/cart`.
```

    <code-example header="src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html" region="cart-route">

>     </code-example>

Reviewer: Personal preferrence (for better readability):

```suggestion
    <code-example
        header="src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html"
        path="getting-started/src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html"
        region="cart-route">
    </code-example>
```

>     <div class="lightbox">

Reviewer: This is not the correct place for the image. It should be below the "To see the new cart component" item.
